从引入该feature的第一笔patch看起。由于dgpu的显存管理由drm_mm更新到drm_buddy，为了更好利用buddy页面，允许更大的物理连续分配，增加TLB的利用率，Christian提出了ttm_pool.

# drm/ttm: new TT backend allocation pool

	This replaces the spaghetti code in the two existing page pools.
	    
	First of all depending on the allocation size it is between 3 (1GiB) and
	5 (1MiB) times faster than the old implementation.
	    
	It makes better use of buddy pages to allow for larger physical contiguous
	allocations which should result in better TLB utilization at least for amdgpu.
	    
	Instead of a completely braindead approach of filling the pool with one CPU
	while another one is trying to shrink it we only give back freed pages.
	    
	This also results in much less locking contention and a trylock free MM
	shrinker callback, so we can guarantee that pages are given back to the system
	when needed.
	    
	Downside of this is that it takes longer for many small allocations until the
	pool is filled up. We could address this, but I couldn't find an use case
	where this actually matters. And we don't bother freeing large chunks of pages
	any more.
	    
	The sysfs files are replaced with a single module parameter, allowing users to
	override how many pages should be globally pooled in TTM. This unfortunately
	breaks the UAPI slightly, but as far as we know nobody ever depended on this.
	   
	Zeroing memory coming from the pool was handled inconsistently. The
	alloc_pages() based pool was zeroing it, the dma_alloc_attr() based one wasn't.
	The new implementation isn't zeroing pages from the pool either and only sets
	the __GFP_ZERO flag when necessary.
	    
	The implementation has only 753 lines of code compared to the over 2600 of the
	old one, and also allows for saving quite a bunch of code in the drivers since
	we don't need specialized handling there any more based on kernel config.
	  
	Additional to all of that there was a neat bug with IOMMU, coherent DMA
	mappings and huge pages which is now fixed in the new code as well.
	
	Please review and comment,
	Christian.


ttm_tt_populate -> amdgpu_ttm_tt_populate -> ttm_pool_alloc

ttm_pool_alloc 作为显存分配的help函数